README.md, before:

## Danger

[Danger](http://danger.systems) runs during Slack Ruby projects' CI process, and gives you a chance to automate common code review chores.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/slack-ruby/danger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/slack-ruby/danger)

### Setup

Enable Danger for a project within the [slack-ruby organization](https://github.com/slack-ruby).

#### Set DANGER_GITHUB_API_TOKEN in Travis-CI

In Travis-CI, choose _Settings_ and add `DANGER_GITHUB_API_TOKEN` in _Environment Variables_. Set the value to the API key for the [dangerpr-bot](https://github.com/dangerpr-bot) user, look in a recent build for this project for its value.

#### Add Danger

Add `danger` to `Gemfile`.

```ruby
gem 'danger', '~> 2.0'
```

#### Add Dangerfile

Commit a `Dangerfile` with some placeholder text, eg. [slack-ruby-client's Dangerfile](https://github.com/slack-ruby/slack-ruby-client/blob/master/Dangerfile). Danger automatically inherits the [Dangerfile](Dangerfile) in the organization's `danger` repo (this repo).

#### Add Danger to Travis-CI

Add Danger to `.travis.yml`, eg. [slack-ruby-client's Travis.yml](https://github.com/slack-ruby/slack-ruby-client/blob/master/.travis.yml).

```yaml
matrix:
  include:
    - rvm: 2.3.0
      script:
        - bundle exec danger
```

#### Commit via a Pull Request

To test things out, make a dummy entry in `CHANGELOG.md` that doesn't match the standard format and make a pull request. Iterate until green.

## License

MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

Use the danger-changelog plugin.

README.md, after:

## Danger

[Danger](http://danger.systems) runs during Slack Ruby projects' CI process, and gives you a chance to automate common code review chores.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/slack-ruby/danger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/slack-ruby/danger)

### Setup

Enable Danger for a project within the [slack-ruby organization](https://github.com/slack-ruby).

#### Set DANGER_GITHUB_API_TOKEN in Travis-CI

In Travis-CI, choose _Settings_ and add `DANGER_GITHUB_API_TOKEN` in _Environment Variables_. Set the value to the API key for the [dangerpr-bot](https://github.com/dangerpr-bot) user, look in a recent build for this project for its value.

#### Add Danger

Add `danger` and `danger-changelog` to `Gemfile`.

```ruby
gem 'danger', '~> 3.1.1'
gem 'danger-changelog', '~> 0.1'
```

#### Add Dangerfile

Commit a `Dangerfile`, eg. [slack-ruby-client's Dangerfile](https://github.com/slack-ruby/slack-ruby-client/blob/master/Dangerfile), that inherits the [Dangerfile](Dangerfile) in the organization's `danger` repo (this repo).

```ruby
danger.import_dangerfile "slack-ruby/danger"
```

#### Add Danger to Travis-CI

Add Danger to `.travis.yml`, eg. [slack-ruby-client's Travis.yml](https://github.com/slack-ruby/slack-ruby-client/blob/master/.travis.yml).

```yaml
matrix:
  include:
    - rvm: 2.3.1
      script:
        - bundle exec danger
```

#### Commit via a Pull Request

To test things out, make a dummy entry in `CHANGELOG.md` that doesn't match the standard format and make a pull request. Iterate until green.

## License

MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.
